so I have a problem
I need an easier way for users to upgrade their clients.
so I've devised a complicated, but also relatively straightforward plan


so we start with the client and work our way to the server API
THE HOW:
I wlll create an UPDATESTATE for UPDATE_AVAILABLE, CURRENT, and BEHIND. This state will be triggered upon an update being available.
This will be a file in core/network that will be triggered by the App class at every startup of the application. 
This is to keep things user friendly, and unobtrusive to the user's network and the user's privacy.
When this state is triggered, much like the leaderboard opt in option, this state will ask the user if they agree to an update if the UPDATESTATE is not current. 
Unlike predatory windows crap, this will be optional, like all updates. this is the ultimate philosophy of the tool
when the user selects no, it sets the menustate to root, but it will set UPDATESTATE.BEHIND as the UPDATESTATE. The UpdateStateManager and its enum will be instantiated
    in the Menu class. If it is behind the current version on the server, it will have a check in Menu.create_buttons() if MENUSTATE.ROOT that if UPDATESTATE.BEHIND is the currrent_state on UpdateStateMachine which is again, an attribute of the Menu class constructor. This will make it so the user will have a permanent option to upgrade to the most recent version, and will create a save file that establishes, do no update with a false flag. this will be in ~/saves/constants/donotupdate and the line will be True. If this line is true, which that network module will check, the UPDATESTATE will never be able to be set to UPDATESTATE.UPDATE_AVAILABLE or UPDATESTATE.CURRENT until the user clicks the UPdate button on the main menu and updates the program. 
Every update will delete the ~/saves/constants/donotupdate file until the network file checking for updates at every launch of the program detects 
    a new update available on the server. And every time an update is detected on the server, the UPDATESTATE will always be set to UPDATESTATE.UPDATE_AVAILABLE unless the donotupdate file has been created with a value of True inside it